It has a large screen with a herd of wild goats charging towards the camera.
It has a large screen with scenes from a game you swear you recognize playing on it.
It has a CRT monitor with a static image of The Boss giving you a thumbs up. You can't even tell where the slot reels are.
It has a large screen where a hand deals playing cards with the typical slot symbols displayed on each one.
It's a standard slot machine housing some mechanical reels with symbols on each one.
What you originally thought was a standard machine seems to actually be made entirely of solid light, which hurts your eyes to look at for too long.
The word "BUFFALO" is shakily etched into the screen with a knife, which is still embedded in the almost-finished O. There's blood pooling out of some of the letters.
BUFFALO!!!!!!!!!
Putting your ear to the machine, you think you hear the pattering of tiny feet rushing around. They quiet down soon after you notice.
It's beautiful.
It's disgusting.
It has a large screen which is displaying moments from your own life re-created with puppets. Occasionally a laugh-track cuts into the scene, which seems to cause the puppets distress.
It's leaking beer.
The handle is filled with molten gold, though it's surprisingly cool to the touch. The symbols in the reel seem to also be made of molten gold.
It's made of cardboard. Looking inside, a U.M.E.F. agent shoos you away saying "They're gonna put me on pit duty if I don't make sales, quit giving me away!"
It appears to be made of Buffalo fur, with the reels being made of Buffalo horns.
It reeks of carbon fumes and soot. Can hear pickaxes hitting stone echoing from within.
It has a built-in water feature with flakes of gold dust mixed in. When you try to grab some, they pass right through your hands.
Instead of reels, there is a scale model of the casino with carved wood figures of everyone inside. They all have symbols etched into their heads.
It's made entirely of wax, with a burning wick at the top.
It has a large screen with a video of you tied to a chair in an empty field. A herd of Buffalo can be seen charging in the horizon directly towards the chair. You decide not to look at this one anymore.
It has a CRT monitor showing a live feed of an X-ray of someone's torso. Their heart and lungs have growths in the shape of slot symbols.
It has a large screen with a live feed of a field of domesticated buffalo. As they graze, they chew slot symbols into the grass.
It has a large screen with a herd of wild Buffalo in space-helmets charging towards an asteroid, which explodes into gold.
When you look at the slot machine, your mouth begins making the noises of the machine on its own.
It seems to be made entirely of sand.
It seems to actually be a metal cage in the rough shape of a slot machine. Inside, several pigeons with scrolls wrapped around their legs sit on perches. The door to the cage is connected to the slot's handle.
Embedded in the center of the machine is a window to a cavity containing a kitten, with each of the walls having spikes in the shape of slot symbols. The kitten is playing with a ball of yarn.
Embedded in the center of the machine is a window to a cavity containing a kitten. It's playing with balls of yarn that have slot symbols painted on them. D'awwwww.
It's a standard U.M.E.F.-brand slot machine housing some U.M.E.F.-brand mechanical reels with U.M.E.F.-brand symbols on each one.
Embedded in the center of the machine is a window to a cavity containing a tiny figure in Nanotrasen Central Command attire. They're pushing a wooden wheel by hand, which is hooked to the reels by a series of gears.
It's a figment of your imagination.
You have no frame of reference for the mechanism sitting in front of you.
I'm a standard slot machine housing several mechanical reels, with each of my reels having standard slot symbols covering them.
It has a large CRT monitor displaying a line of clowns. In the middle of the line sits a banana instead of a clown.
Trying to look at it from another angle reveals it to be entirely flat. Still, you can grab the handle as if it were three-dimensional.
Looking at the machine, you get the feeling you've already spun it before.
Looking at the machine, you get the feeling you are destined to spin it, here and now.
It has a glass compartment with a moth mannequin wearing a turban and robes, who holds their hands over a crystal ball displaying a set of reels.
Looking at the machine gives you the feeling that it's been here longer than some planets have existed, and will remain here long after the last sun dies.
It has a vacuum-sealed glass compartment housing a miniature model of the system you currently reside in. The planets spin quickly, revealing slot symbols on their sides.
It has a scale plastic model of an Old-Earth elderly home, complete with tiny people. They are hosting a Bingo night, with an overhead projector displaying slot reels in place of a bingo card.
There is a small computer plugged into the side of the machine, where an AI is rapidly spitting out formulas that go over your head. Something about "Sunken Costs"?
It has a large screen with strange creatures loosely shaped around slot symbols taking turns attacking one another. One of the creatures is about to use something called a "Draconic Asteroid"
You feel a faint magnetic pull coming from the machine, pulling all of your metallic items towards it.
It has a sealed glass compartment sporting a thriving ecosystem of small insects, fish, and even a gecko. Groups of ants and termites move in formations resembling slot symbols.
Somehow you can only see the machine when your eyes are closed, appearing in the otherwise black void of your inner eyelids.
It is entirely made of wood, with the sound of turning gears whirring as tiny wooden figures resembling U.M.E.F. agents march around a stage singing a song about gambling.
It is a glass container in the shape of a slot machine, with colorful ink-like liquid shifting within to represent the reels and lights.
Looking at it somehow gives you the understanding that this slot machine is the genetic offspring of The Boss.
Long ago there was a castle of whithering age, which held the only remnants of the people of Gua'nanta. These people with their matted fur and torn scales would pine for the moment unto which they would find refuge, the moment whereupon a hero would come to save what little remained from the painful reign of The Queen of Eternal Slumber. Legends began to form among the hopeful and tired, of a slot machine which would one day select the very hero which they pined for most, who would swoop to their aid in this time of need and destroy the Queen before she could again strike their home with magiks most foul. This is not that slot machine.
https://youtu.be/WQE5WgrOBzQ
In the front of the machine sits a table with a chess set readily available. A mechanical arm jutting from the machine taps the pieces as if to keep them steady as it waits for an opponent.
Despite everything, it's still a Buffalo.
It has a glass container with a small wrestling ring inside. A wrestling match between Danny Diamond and Scott Sevens is underway, but out of nowhere Chester Cherry runs into the ring and slams both of them with a steel chair!
